documentation small fixes (#248)
pasqal-io/qoolqit: docs/fundamentals/quantum_program.md

 In this page, you will learn how to build a quantum program, from its building blocks:

- Create a `Register` from a set of coordinates,
- Define `Waveforms` selecting amplitude and detuning,
- Build a `Drive` from waveform components,
- Instantiate a `QuantumProgram` from a `Register` and a `Drive`,
- Check whether a program has already been compiled.

---

The QuantumProgram defines the protocol used to solve your problem within the adimensional framework of the [Rydberg Analog model](../get_started/qoolqit_model.md).

> In practice, this involves specifying both the interaction and the driving Hamiltonian. In QoolQit, these are set up by creating a `Register`, which determines the positions of the qubits, and a `Drive` object, which describes how laser fields drive the qubits over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice, this involves specifying both the interaction and the driving Hamiltonian. In QoolQit, these are set up by creating a `Register`, which determines the positions of the qubits, and a `Drive` object, which describes how laser fields control the qubits over time.
```

Such feature, is useful, for example, when working on adiabatic protocols.
For more details, please have a look at the [Device and compilation](../fundamentals/compilation/device_and_compilation.md) page of the documentation, specifically at the [Special compilation flags](../fundamentals/compilation/device_and_compilation.md#special-compilation-maximum-allowed-duration) section.

> Finally, at the [compilation stage](../fundamentals/compilation/device_and_compilation.md), the duration set by the user might be higher than what the specific QPU device of choice allows. Compilation will thus trigger an informative error about the hardware limitations and how to comply with those.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, at the [compilation stage](../fundamentals/compilation/device_and_compilation.md), the duration set by the user might be higher than what the selected QPU device allows. Compilation will thus trigger an informative error about the hardware limitations and how to comply with those.
```
